Can we make the following improvements as well:
1. The light versus dark theme seems to not be 100%. In some cases the text is white when on a light them and therefore cannot see the content and vice versa. Can you perform a check to ensure that there is appropriate contrast in colours when needed?
2. The resource page I would prefer to have within the user portal and to provide resources tailored to the customer. So please delete from the public pages but rather state we will provide a free 7 day meal plan when signing up for the newsletter.
3. We note in the footer that the first consultation is free - that is not the case. 
4. Blog page should not use pre-defined static blogs. But rather it should dynamically fetch the necessary blogs from the Firebase database and only display those. When the user clicks the blog tile or "read more" button. This should redirect to the external web address under medium. This will make it easier to create new blogs going forward. To ensure the website remains up to date on all blog posts, within the admin dashboard, can you include the functionality to add the new blog post meta data required within the Firebase database which is used to create the preview within the public Blog page. 
5. User login - Login with Google doesn't seem to work.
6. Book appointment - Please can we ensure that only available timeslots are include within the book appointment process based on appointments included within the Firebase database. This should also include that non-confirmed appointment times are not listed as available timeslots. Also if we can highlight the selected consultation type - unclear to see which one is selected at the moment. Please also ensure the appointment booking consent form is also stored in Firebase database and is also required when booking appointments via the user portal dashboard. 
7.  User portal dashboard - Seems like information defaults to no entries after initial logging. Can you please ensure all data is always displayed. 
8. User portal dashboard - Might be good to add an icon to return back to dashabord within each of the various functionalities within the dashboard. 
9. User portal dashboard -The messages page also does not seem to load previous message - can we incorporate that?
10. User portal dashboard - Can we include the functionality when looking at the appointments to request a date/time change for current appointments. 
11. User portal dashboard- messages notes "invalid date".
12. Admin Dashboard - Can we include the functionality for me to request the customer to update the time which will allow the customer to update the appointment time based on the real-time database of available slots. Currently I can only confirm appointments and not decline and request a new time. 
13. Admin Dashboard - Can we include the functionality for me to manually indicate certain days/ timeslots where I would not be available for consultations and integrate with the booking an appointment functionality to ensure that these days / timeslots do now show up as available options?
14. Admin Dashboard - For the nutrition plans / resources for my clients. Can we include the functionality that I can track all of my clients and upload individual tailored nutritional plans for the customer. This should be in the form of documents which I can upload to the customer user portal and keep track of patients to ensure that each patient gets a nutritional plan post appointment. 
15. Admin Dashboard - messages notes "invalid date".